Looks nice. Does not look cheap. I wanted to put cards in the back slots, so this worked out perfect. I prefer a case with a gel lip for shock absorption when dropped. But the lip of the case comes over the edge enough that if dropped, it doesn't land on the glass front. I use a glass screen protector, and I have dropped this, and the glass did not break. Nice case. Highly recommend.

As much as I love it, its starting to fall apart after 1.5 months of use (Iphone 7) Stitching is coming undone in one spot and the adhesive they use is tearing. Looks good and convenient tho.

Design with pockets for credit cards is great. Price was also a plus.

I just received the case last week but so far so good. It fits my iPhone 7 really well and snug. So far, it doesn't look like it will become loose anytime soon but that may change over time. I purchased the gray finish and it looks great. A co-worker of mine has one and it looked so great and I liked it so much that I purchased one the same day. It can be a pain to get a card in or out but not difficult and I am sure that will change once it gets wore in. I have no real cons here and you can't beat it for the price. I will definitely be purchasing other finishes.

I love this case. It fits my phone well, and has plenty of space for all the buttons on the iPhone 8. My phone is rose gold and I bought the red case. Looks really good! Also, loving the two pockets for drivers license and credit cards. No purse needed.

Do NOT purchase this product. I enjoyed the case and thought it to be quite tasteful when I first received it. However, within the first 2 months, the sides started peeling. Now, the entire case has come apart. This was very disappointing because I live abroad and can't just order another one quickly and easily from Amazon. Would not recommend this case.

The case is pretty but it doesn't feel like leather, look like leather or smell like leather. My guess is that it's not leather. Too bad I'm desperate for a case or I would return it.

I loved the case - but it hasn't lasted 3 months, so one star. The leather started to peel from the plastic on the sides within 2 months. Too bad, as it would be a 4-5 star case if it lasted.

The pockets were way too tight and the hole for the camera was incorrect, so it partially obstructed the view.

I had higher hopes for this product. I’ve been using it for less than two months and the leather has started to lift and peel away from the plastic casing. Not impressed with how quickly this item began to wear.
